Clean the pyqgis nitpick list from conf.py file (#3687)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/pyqgis_developer_cookbook/vector.rst

* add features to index --- index takes :class:`QgsFeature <qgis.core.QgsFeature>` object and adds it
  to the internal data structure. You can create the object manually or use

>   one from a previous call to provider's :meth:`nextFeature() <qgis.core.QgsFeatureIterator.nextFeature>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  one from a previous call to provider's :meth:`getFeatures() <qgis.core.QgsVectorDataProvider.getFeatures>`
```

>   one from a previous call to the provider's :meth:`getFeatures() <qgis.core.QgsVectorDataProvider.getFeatures>` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  one from a previous call to the provider's
  :meth:`getFeatures() <qgis.core.QgsVectorDataProvider.getFeatures>` method.
```

          ran.symbol()
        ))

> you can again use :meth:`classAttribute <qgis.core.QgsGraduatedSymbolRenderer.classAttribute>` to find out classification attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can again use
:meth:`classAttribute <qgis.core.QgsGraduatedSymbolRenderer.classAttribute>`
to find the classification attribute
```

> name, :meth:`sourceSymbol <qgis.core.QgsGraduatedSymbolRenderer.sourceSymbol>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:meth:`sourceSymbol <qgis.core.QgsGraduatedSymbolRenderer.sourceSymbol>`
```

and :meth:`sourceColorRamp <qgis.core.QgsGraduatedSymbolRenderer.sourceColorRamp>` methods.  

> Additionally there is :meth:`mode <qgis.core.QgsGraduatedSymbolRenderer.mode>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally there is the :meth:`mode <qgis.core.QgsGraduatedSymbolRenderer.mode>`
```

symbol class itself serves only as a container for the symbol layers.

Having an instance of a symbol (e.g. from a renderer), it is possible to

> explore it: :meth:`type <qgis.core.QgsSymbol.type>` method says whether it is a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
explore it: the :meth:`type <qgis.core.QgsSymbol.type>` method says whether it is a
```

To find out symbol's color use :meth:`color <qgis.core.QgsSymbol.color>` method and :meth:`setColor <qgis.core.QgsSymbol.setColor>` to
change its color. With marker symbols additionally you can query for the symbol

> size and rotation with :meth:`size <qgis.core.QgsMarkerSymbol.size>` and :meth:`angle <qgis.core.QgsMarkerSymbol.angle>` methods, for line symbols

Reviewer: ```suggestion
size and rotation with the :meth:`size <qgis.core.QgsMarkerSymbol.size>` and :meth:`angle <qgis.core.QgsMarkerSymbol.angle>` methods, for line symbols
```

> there is :meth:`width <qgis.core.QgsLineSymbol.width>` method returning line width.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the :meth:`width <qgis.core.QgsLineSymbol.width>` method returns the line width.
```

  SvgMarker
  VectorField

> :class:`QgsSymbolLayerRegistry <qgis.core.QgsSymbolLayerRegistry>` class manages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :class:`QgsSymbolLayerRegistry <qgis.core.QgsSymbolLayerRegistry>` class manages
```

a database of all available symbol layer types.

To access symbol layer data, use its :meth:`properties() <qgis.core.QgsSymbolLayer.properties>` method that returns a
key-value dictionary of properties which determine the appearance. Each symbol
layer type has a specific set of properties that it uses. Additionally, there

> are generic methods :meth:`color <qgis.core.QgsSymbol.color>`, :meth:`size 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are the generic methods :meth:`color <qgis.core.QgsSymbol.color>`, :meth:`size 
```

> <qgis.core.QgsMarkerSymbol.size>`, :meth:`angle <qgis.core.QgsMarkerSymbol.angle>`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<qgis.core.QgsMarkerSymbol.size>`, :meth:`angle <qgis.core.QgsMarkerSymbol.angle>` and
```

> :meth:`width <qgis.core.QgsLineSymbol.width>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:meth:`width <qgis.core.QgsLineSymbol.width>`,
```

        return FooSymbolLayer(self.radius)

The :meth:`layerType <qgis.core.QgsSymbolLayer.layerType>` method determines the name of the symbol layer, it has
to be unique among all symbol layers. Properties are used for persistence of

> attributes. :meth:`clone <qgis.core.QgsSymbolLayer.clone>` method must return a copy of the symbol layer with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
attributes. The :meth:`clone <qgis.core.QgsSymbolLayer.clone>` method must return a copy of the symbol layer with
```

all attributes being exactly the same. Finally there are rendering methods:

> :meth:`startRender <qgis.core.QgsSymbolLayer.startRender>` is called before rendering first feature, :meth:`stopRender <qgis.core.QgsSymbolLayer.stopRender>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:meth:`startRender <qgis.core.QgsSymbolLayer.startRender>` is called before
rendering the first feature, :meth:`stopRender <qgis.core.QgsSymbolLayer.stopRender>`
```

> when rendering is done. And :meth:`renderPoint <qgis.core.QgsMarkerSymbolLayer.renderPoint>` method which does the rendering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when rendering is done.
And the :meth:`renderPoint <qgis.core.QgsMarkerSymbolLayer.renderPoint>` method
which does the rendering.
```

Author: I am a bit annoyed by how we introduce renderPoint (too close to the first two while it's more of renderPolyline status). Any chance we find something better?

Reviewer: Not sure if I follow you here.  The section describes the methods (overridden) in the code above. I think it is OK as it is.

Author: Ah... I knew I should have seen the changes in the whole file context and not the diff GitHub displayed. Too lazy. Anyway could we remove the "And" at the beginning of a sentence or merge the two sentences?

Reviewer: I have tried to reformulate and combine.

The coordinates of the point(s) are already transformed to the output
coordinates.

For polylines and polygons the only difference would be in the rendering

> method: you would use :meth:`renderPolyline <qgis.core.QgsLineSymbolLayer.renderPolyline>` which receives a list of lines,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
method: you would use :meth:`renderPolyline <qgis.core.QgsLineSymbolLayer.renderPolyline>`
which receives a list of lines,
```

> while :meth:`renderPolygon <qgis.core.QgsFillSymbolLayer.renderPolygon>` receives list of points on outer ring as a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
while :meth:`renderPolygon <qgis.core.QgsFillSymbolLayer.renderPolygon>`
receives list of points on outer ring as a
```

        return FooSymbolLayer(self.radius)

The :meth:`layerType <qgis.core.QgsSymbolLayer.layerType>` method determines the name of the symbol layer, it has

> to be unique among all symbol layers. Properties are used for persistence of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to be unique among all symbol layers.
The :meth:`properties <qgis.core.QgsSymbolLayer.properties>` is used for persistence of
```

Author: Should we not mention "method" here? Properties followed by a verb in singular looks weird to me.

Reviewer: You were too fast for me...

This widget can be embedded into the symbol properties dialog. When the symbol
layer type is selected in symbol properties dialog, it creates an instance of
the symbol layer and an instance of the symbol layer widget. Then it calls

> :meth:`setSymbolLayer <qgis.gui.QgsSymbolLayerWidget.setSymbolLayer>` method to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the :meth:`setSymbolLayer <qgis.gui.QgsSymbolLayerWidget.setSymbolLayer>` method to
```

assign the symbol layer to the widget. In that
method the widget should update the UI to reflect the attributes of the symbol

> layer. :meth:`symbolLayer <qgis.gui.QgsSymbolLayerWidget.symbolLayer>` function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
layer. The :meth:`symbolLayer <qgis.gui.QgsSymbolLayerWidget.symbolLayer>` method
```

is used to retrieve the symbol layer again
by the properties dialog to use it for the symbol.

> On every change of attributes, the widget should emit :any:`changed()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On every change of attributes, the widget should emit the :any:`changed()
```

  QgsApplication.symbolLayerRegistry().addSymbolLayerType(FooSymbolLayerMetadata())

You should pass layer type (the same as returned by the layer) and symbol type

> (marker/line/fill) to the constructor of parent class. :meth:`createSymbolLayer()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(marker/line/fill) to the constructor of the parent class. :meth:`createSymbolLayer()
```

> <qgis.core.QgsSymbolLayerAbstractMetadata.createSymbolLayer>`

Author: ```suggestion
<qgis.core.QgsSymbolLayerAbstractMetadata.createSymbolLayer>` method
```

takes care of creating an instance of symbol layer with attributes specified in

> the `props` dictionary. And there is :meth:`createSymbolLayerWidget()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `props` dictionary. And there is the :meth:`createSymbolLayerWidget()
```

<qgis.core.QgsSymbolLayerAbstractMetadata.createSymbolLayerWidget>` method which

> returns settings widget for this symbol layer type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
returns a settings widget for this symbol layer type.
```

      def renderer(self):
        return self.r

> The constructor of parent :class:`QgsFeatureRenderer <qgis.core.QgsFeatureRenderer>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The constructor of the parent :class:`QgsFeatureRenderer <qgis.core.QgsFeatureRenderer>`
```

class needs a renderer name (which has to be unique among renderers). The
:meth:`symbolForFeature <qgis.core.QgsFeatureRenderer.symbolForFeature>` method
is the one that decides what symbol will be used for a particular feature.
:meth:`startRender <qgis.core.QgsFeatureRenderer.startRender>` and :meth:`stopRender
<qgis.core.QgsFeatureRenderer.stopRender>` take care of initialization/finalization
of symbol rendering. The :meth:`usedAttributes <qgis.core.QgsFeatureRenderer.usedAttributes>`

> method can return a list of field names that renderer expects to be present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
method can return a list of field names that the renderer expects to be present.
```

> Finally, the :meth:`clone <qgis.core.QgsFeatureRenderer.clone>` function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, the :meth:`clone <qgis.core.QgsFeatureRenderer.clone>` method
```

should return a copy of the renderer.

Like with symbol layers, it is possible to attach a GUI for configuration of
the renderer. It has to be derived from :class:`QgsRendererWidget <qgis.gui.QgsRendererWidget>`.

> The following sample code creates a button that allows user to set symbol of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sample code creates a button that allows the user to set the
```

      return self.r

The constructor receives instances of the active layer (:class:`QgsVectorLayer
<qgis.core.QgsVectorLayer>`), the global style (:class:`QgsStyle

> <qgis.core.QgsStyle>`) and current renderer. If there is no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<qgis.core.QgsStyle>`) and the current renderer. If there is no
```

renderer or the renderer has different type, it will be replaced with our new
renderer, otherwise we will use the current renderer (which has already the
type we need). The widget contents should be updated to show current state of

> the renderer. When the renderer dialog is accepted, widget's :meth:`renderer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the renderer. When the renderer dialog is accepted, the widget's :meth:`renderer
```

Similarly as with symbol layers, abstract metadata constructor awaits renderer
name, name visible for users and optionally name of renderer's icon.

> :meth:`createRenderer <qgis.core.QgsRendererAbstractMetadata.createRenderer>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :meth:`createRenderer <qgis.core.QgsRendererAbstractMetadata.createRenderer>`
```

> method passes :class:`QDomElement` instance that can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
method passes a :class:`QDomElement` instance that can be
```

> used to restore renderer's state from DOM tree. :meth:`createRendererWidget

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used to restore the renderer's state from the DOM tree. :meth:`createRendererWidget
```

<qgis.core.QgsRendererAbstractMetadata.createRendererWidget>`
method creates the configuration widget. It does not have to be present or can
return ``None`` if the renderer does not come with GUI.

To associate an icon with the renderer you can assign it in

> :class:`QgsRendererAbstractMetadata <qgis.core.QgsRendererAbstractMetadata>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the :class:`QgsRendererAbstractMetadata <qgis.core.QgsRendererAbstractMetadata>`
```

         "Random renderer",
         QIcon(QPixmap("RandomRendererIcon.png", "png")))

> The icon can be associated also at any later time using :meth:`setIcon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The icon can also be associated at any later time using :meth:`setIcon
```
